# CPAUET
SUMMARY
CPAUET or the CCU Process Analysis and Uncertainty Evaluation Tool developed by KAIST's Laboratory for Energy Systems Engineering



DESCRIPTION
CPAUET offers analysis and evaluation platform for 5 platform CO2 utilization technologies under Korea's Carbon Capture and Sequestration 2020 (KCCS 2020) initiative. The included platform technologies are as follows: 

<> [TRL 4-5] Biocrude production via Hydrothermal Liquefaction of Microalgal Biomass
<> [TRL 3-4] Formic Acid production via Hydrogenation of CO₂
<> [TRL 1-2] Biodegradable poly(1,4-butylene carbonate-co-terephthalate) production from Renewable Monomers
<> [TRL 3-4] Nano CaCO₃ production from Industrial Waste Steel Slag
<> [TRL 3-4] Methanol production via High Temperature Co-Electrolysis of CO₂

This tool is intended for researchers and policy-level decision makers to analyze the performance of the platform technologies. The included uncertainty analysis feature offers a way to assess risk-contributing factors in the scope of policy-level R&D decisions. CPAUET does not however allow the users to modify the underlying process simulator models. This can be a potential limitation if further research allows for the development of more rigorous process models. 

Future plans and updates to CPAUET will be made on KAIST Laboratory of Energy Systems Engineering's GitHub repository, which can be found here: https://github.com/KAIST-LENSE

Furthermore, direct inquiries, feedback, error reports, etc can be made to:
<> Professor Jay H. Lee: jayhlee@kaist.ac.kr
<> Jeehwan Lee: stevelee@kaist.ac.kr



INSTALLATION NOTES
EULA Work in Progress

Follow the instructions given my the installer prompt. A desktop shortcut can be generated by going to
\KAIST LENSE (lense.kaist.ac.kr)\CPAUET v1.0.0\application
and right clicking on CPAUET.exe.

CPAUET's GUI was developed using MATLAB's App Designer and thus requires the user to download the MATLAB runtime packages to function.
